GH-197 Remake outdated EternalCombat documentation. (#197)
EternalCodeTeam/website: content/docs/eternalcombat/regions.mdx

---
title: Regions & WorldGuard
description: Configure protected regions and WorldGuard integration
icon: Map
sidebar_position: 5
---

## Regions & WorldGuard

> EternalCombat protects players from entering safe zones during combat. This page explains how to set up protected regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EternalCombat protects players from escaping fights, by preventing them from entering safe zones.
```

  </Step>
  
  <Step title="Test the Region" icon="Play">
    Tag yourself in combat and try to enter the region:
    
    ```
    /combatlog tag YourName
    # Now try to walk into the protected region
    ```
    
    You should be pushed back with an animated border visible.
  </Step>
</Steps>

### Configuration options

```yaml
regions:
  # List of blocked region names - ADD YOUR REGIONS HERE
  blockedRegions:
    - spawn
    - safezone
  
  # Block regions where WorldGuard has PvP disabled
  preventPvpInRegions: true
  
  # Spawn region radius if WorldGuard is not installed
  restrictedRegionRadius: 10
```

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `blockedRegions` | list | `[]` | WorldGuard region names to block |
| `preventPvpInRegions` | boolean | `true` | Auto-block regions with PvP disabled |
| `restrictedRegionRadius` | int | `10` | Spawn protection radius (no WorldGuard) |

### WorldGuard integration

#### Automatic PvP region detection

When `preventPvpInRegions` is enabled, EternalCombat will **automatically** block entry to:

- Regions with the `pvp` flag set to `deny`

> - Regions with the `invincible` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I do not think its true 
<img width="720" height="375" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d8c14543-ccea-4818-ac25-e45b67131689" />

This means you don't need to manually add every safe region to `blockedRegions`.

<Callout type="tip" title="Recommended Setup">

>   For most servers, just enable `preventPvpInRegions: true` and EternalCombat will automatically protect all your PvP-disabled regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For most servers, just enable `preventPvpInRegions: true` and EternalCombat will automatically protect all regions with PvP disabled.
```
